hello everyone welcome to an amazing
glitch video so first I'm just going to
show you what inspired this and every
was gonna wonder why I'm coming on the
end for random second but basically ah
or was it I was making books for the
cards and that's go into it this
happened it may it gave me negative 13
bucks
the and I don't I was just like putting
them into a hopper and something weird
happened and suddenly had negative
thirteen books so I looked on YouTube to
see uh if in or else it found this
glitch and someone actually found a way
to actually make it happen
so I'm going to show it to you today by
creating a new world we'll call it
glitch and it actually still works in
Minecraft 1.7 point eight so I was
surprised by this because I was like
well it probably had been fixed by now
but it actually still works so I'm going
to show it to you we're going to spawn
in a negative amount of diamonds and
then just see what we can do with it so
what you're going to do is first grab a
bucket of water basically things will
move to this bucket of water stone
redstone redstone repeaters block of
redstone although there's other ways to
do the redstone clock and then of course
I got my mic in the way I can't see the
screen over here we got a Sukkah p13
seven for command block oh right they
took away the ids okay so I'm going to
say slick Nick P so give yourself a
command block and you can do that and
now what we need to do is first just
make this little structure right here
we're going to go out as far as we need
and we'll see how far that's to go so
you just keep going out until I can see
them to this so up to then and we'll
just close this out real quick and
so this is our main structure basically
that's it we've already finished it I
always have to put in the command so
let's go put down this real fast I'm
just gonna make a quick simple setup you
can probably do whatever you want this
is just exactly what this youtuber did
so it's just like well I'll copy what he
did so yeah this is the setup so I'm
going to go back over here so these
slimes in the way they won't affect
anything go to f3 and you can see our
XYZ there we go here we type slash
summon space item space and then we have
to the XYZ so where we're standing is
negative seven eight seven space and
then for for Y and then - eight - for Z
and then we have to go here
item : and then we'll do we're going to
do ID let's say uh the ID for diamonds
is two six four so we're going to do
that but we might try something else
later and then count to hundred and then
another one of these and one more to
fish it off so this is our command so
now all we have to do is a put in here
and it's going to spawn a bunch of items
right here and it's so glitched when it
goes into water that it actually makes
them negative so I'm going to show you
real quick we're going to put water here
it's going to go down maybe get our
block of redstone and then we're just
going to do that it's going to spam as
you can see spamming me and then if we
stand here it's giving us negative
diamonds look down there on my half bar
and there it is like flying out here but
it's giving me negative diamonds which
is amazing so look at that that's
basically the glitch I mean it still
worked isn't that like just amazing and
actually looks like it's like not
picking them all up it's just so messed
up but yeah surprise Mojang has to fix
this yet so yeah I mean it's like it's
actually like covering the command block
next to it like it so badly glitch it is
looking we have it just like that that -
there is just going off the screen let's
see what happens if we add a diamond to
it
Oh Christa 35 so could we just like we
just add hyphens and adds the back now
it's less negative always fun this is
amazing and it looks like when I get
here why does just make a second stack
is that what I seen go cut put them
together okay that's weird
this is obviously glitch that's amazing
now let's try something else let's try
let's try wool let's see if it works for
a wool
indeed it does it works for any item
this is that amazing
let's do command block let's do command
block let's get negative command blocks
up in here one three seven so yeah there
you go negative command blocks just
flying everywhere
so yeah that's amazing I guess when I
press Q they all just throw it down
never come up again I can although it
like leaves and glitched out like look
at this they're all just like
overlapping each other that is so weird
and going that is so I punched it
disappeared
whoa look I gave him some knock back -
look at that they disappear I'm doing
that again that's amazing so when you
brush with them not as you boys here
would you punch dirt no just if you
punch this slime with that I guess let's
try spawning in guest and punching that
that's the same thing isn't this amazing
alright this is pretty amazing
yeah that's a glitch pretty much that's
all I want to show you but I think it's
really cool and you can do it yourself
you just have to have it go into a
running water source let me see if it
works without the running water source I
would think it just works like it should
know it's still doing that it's still
doing that I'm always scared of the
water just like the water even matter or
is it just a messed up command what if
we just do like now I'm curious okay I'm
going to keep going with this video
we're doing some science now let's move
the Z to 260 so let's try that and then
we'll change the item to something I
haven't done yet let's just do um let's
do 5 that's I don't remember well block
that is but let's try that okay so it's
doing them over here now here it is it's
dirt or no it's wood it's doing it again
okay I stand corrected the water
actually has nothing to do with it it's
just a messed up command I don't know
why this youtuber said I had to do in
the water
it basically is glitched out wherever
you do it so yeah just do this come in
that's it that's all you need to do it's
just completely screwed up maybe it's
because there's a capital I I don't know
I wonder why this is so weird but look I
just got like negative wood right now
it's amazing and we can just like keep
doing it let's fight the battle let's
see if we can go faster whoa can I like
split okay can't split taking like
stacks together that is so bizarre and
then they just disappear when you punch
something how amazing is that to glitch
it works at one point eight point seven
and I mean it didn't look like one point
eight when this guy was doing it so this
must have been around for a while
but anyway this is amazing so I hope you
liked it if I remember I'll try to put
the original video that this person
showed me in the description because I
don't want to take all credit for this
but yeah I just found a negative item
and I was like this needs to be a video
so thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed and I hope you try this glitch
out yourself I guess because it's weird
and magical and it leaves random blocks
on the ground because technically you
shouldn't have negative 1,400
oh my gosh bunny oh so yeah that is it
thank you for watching I hope you like
my new skin by the way I don't know if
I've shown it on YouTube yet I just have
stuff added to it so thank you for
watching and good bye